benchdnn: introduce cold-tlb support (fixes MFDNN-13222) (#2736)
oneapi-src/oneDNN: tests/benchdnn/doc/knob_cold_cache.md

and their sizes, most memory objects come from RAM and only some
pieces roll over from the previous layer.

To measure the library functionality closer to real-world applications, benchdnn
has introduced a cold cache feature. In the core, each execution call in a
performance measurement loop uses new memory objects for specific execution
arguments, which is controlled by the user.

## Usage
```
    --cold-cache=MODE[+EXTENSION]
```

`MODE` can be the one of these options: `none` (the default), `wei`, `all`, or

> `custom` (lower case).

Author: Thanks for the edits, incorporated.

`wei` mode has benchdnn prepare a pile of weights tensors and, for each new
run, use a new set until the stack is over. Then, it starts from the top of
the pile again. It ensures that pile size is sufficient to evict previously used
sets of weights from caches. This mode emulates a regular situation in
topologies for primitives such as (de-)convolutions, inner product, and matmul.

> Usually, these primitives (and whole models) use a technique called "double
> buffering," where all activations transfer between two buffers: one for source
> and one for destination. It allows for an increased cache hit rate; only weights
> are taken from RAM. Note that if a primitive requests this mode but does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is common in modern frameworks that a primitive output activations reuse 
the same memory pages and cache lines as the input activations of the previously
run primitive. As a result, cache hit rate is often increased for activation 
accesses while weights are taken from RAM. Note that if a primitive requests 
this mode but does not
```

This is a consequence of memory allocation, not double-buffering.
FWKs usually do:
```
operation 1:
- allocate outputs
- run operation
- free inputs
operation 2:
- allocate outputs
- run operation
- free inputs
...
```
Depending on allocator implementation, the allocation of `operation 2 outputs` will use the same pages/cache lines as `operation 1 inputs`.
